Django Word Document CRUD Application Documentation
Table of Contents
Introduction
Installation
Configuration
Usage
Custom User Roles
Views and URLs
Templates
Admin Panel
Deployment
Contributing
License

1. Introduction
	The Django Word Document CRUD Application is a web-based system that allows users to Create, Read, Update, and Delete Word documents (or files in general) while providing a user authentication system with two roles: Author and Collaborator. Users can upload Word documents, view their list, edit document details, and delete documents.

2. Installation
	Before installing the application, ensure you have the following prerequisites:

	Python 3.x
	Django
	Other dependencies (as listed in requirements.txt)
	Follow these steps to install the application:

	Clone the repository:

	bash
	Copy code
	git clone https://github.com/slnxanns/sylla
	cd your_project
	Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended):

	bash
	Copy code
	python -m venv venv
	source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use 'venv\Scripts\activate'
	Install dependencies:

	bash
	Copy code
	pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Configuration
	Configure the Django project settings:

	Update the database settings in settings.py if necessary.
	Configure AWS S3 settings in settings.py if you want to use AWS S3 for file storage.

4. Usage
	User Registration and Authentication
	Register new users through the registration form.
	Users can log in and log out using their credentials.
	Passwords are validated based on Django's password complexity requirements.
	CRUD Operations on Documents
	Users with the "Author" role can create, edit, and delete documents.
	Users with the "Collaborator" role can view and edit documents.
	Documents are stored on AWS S3 if configured; otherwise, they are stored locally.

5. Custom User Roles
	The application defines two custom user roles: "Author" and "Collaborator."
	Users can be assigned these roles during registration or later through the admin panel.

6. Views and URLs
	The application includes views and URLs for document CRUD operations.
	URL patterns are defined in document_app/urls.py.
	Views are defined in document_app/views.py.

7. Templates
	Templates for the application are stored in the document_app/templates directory.
	Template files include:
	document_list.html: Displays a list of documents and links for CRUD actions.
	document_form.html: Provides a form for creating and editing documents.
	document_confirm_delete.html: Confirms document deletion.

8. Admin Panel
	The Django admin panel is used for managing user roles, including assigning roles to users.
	Custom user roles are defined in the admin panel.
	User accounts and documents can be managed through the admin panel as well.

9. Deployment
	To deploy the application in a production environment, you'll need to configure the server, set up a database, and use a web server like Apache or Nginx with Gunicorn. Detailed deployment instructions may vary depending on your hosting environment.

10. Contributing
	Contributions to this project are welcome! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

	Fork the repository.
	Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
	Commit your changes and push to your fork.
	Submit a pull request with a clear description of your changes.

11. License
	This project is licensed under the [Your License Name] License - see the LICENSE file for details.